[Applause]
[Music]
we've new wheels
a pre celebration for the big day huh I
make your partner baby glass ceiling
give it up summit worldwide sports
management's newest partner boys club
everyday you don't connect well with men
just stay in your lane I don't trust
women who don't get dudes like I don't
trust a man with no eyebrows are too
many keys I know someone you should talk
to
I can help you connect with me why don't
we have some tea
this smells like dirt oh that's just
jasmine tea if you don't count the weed
and the peony no crack
[Applause]
oh hello welcome back miss Davis thank
God this one didn't die on me
starting today no more drinking at work
hey that's too much information or
anything I think we hear it after last
night yeah that's what happens when
tequila meets and desperation okay stop
saying things it shouldn't be saying to
your boss holy crap
can you hear my inner thoughts
I can only mean stuff that cloud you're
walking through that's my farts I
thought black people stopped to an ETF
to get out where would you complain
about men trying to keep you down do we
have any meetings on the books nothing
yet except the private poker game
tonight
this is not a curse I should tap that
ass
the lady which is doing at the big boys
table huh - quiet I'm bluffing these
fools I'm missing Real Housewives check
finally has a winning hand why am I
thinking in the third person I smell
toast my happiness throw weight I have
chosen my pocket
[Music]
you